doc/selenium-cucumber-API.md, before:

selenium-cucumber API
=====================

If you are writing code for your custom steps you can use following methods


Navigation API's
----------------

	navigate_to(link)

	navigate(direction)  # direction=back or direction=forword

	close_driver()


Browser Interaction API's
-------------------------

	resize_browser(width,heigth)

	scroll_to_element(by,access_value)

	zoom_in_out(in_out) 

	zoom_in_out_till_element_display(by, in_out, access_value)


Input API's
------------

	click(by,access_value)

	submit(by,access_value)

	enter_text(by,text,access_value)

	clear_text(by,access_value)

	check_checkbox(by, access_value)

	uncheck_checkbox(by, access_value)

	toggle_checkbox(by, access_value)

	select_radio_button(by, access_value)

	get_page_title()

	get_element_text(by,access_value)

	get_element_attribute(by,access_value,attribute)

	is_element_enabled(by,access_value)

	is_element_displayed(by,access_value)

	
Javascript Handling API
-----------------------

	handle_alert(decesion) # accept or dismiss

	get_alert_text

	
Progress API's
--------------

	wait(time_in_sec)

	wait_for_element_to_display(by,access_value,duration)

	wait_for_element_to_enable(by,access_value,duration)


Screenshot API
--------------
	take_screenshots

Commit message:

corrected spelling of Height corrected bug from navigation steps in I navigate forward step corrected radio button selection step corrected dropdown list selection by index step added steps to selected/unselect multiselect dropdown list

doc/selenium-cucumber-API.md, after:

selenium-cucumber API
=====================

If you are writing code for your custom steps you can use the following methods :

Note : For some of the API paramtere values are fixed. Such values for paramaters are mentioned below. 

Navigation API's
----------------

	navigate_to(link)

	navigate(direction)  # direction => "back"/"forward"

	close_driver()


Browser Interaction API's
-------------------------

	resize_browser(width,height)

	scroll_page(to)	     # to => "top"/"end"

	scroll_to_element(by,access_value)

	zoom_in_out(in_out)  # in_out => "add"/"subtract"

	zoom_in_out_till_element_display(by, in_out, access_value) # in_out => "add"/"subtract"


Input API's
------------

	click(by,access_value)

	submit(by,access_value)

	enter_text(by,text,access_value)

	clear_text(by,access_value)

	check_checkbox(by, access_value)

	uncheck_checkbox(by, access_value)

	toggle_checkbox(by, access_value)

	select_radio_button(by, access_value)

	get_page_title()

	get_element_text(by,access_value)

	get_element_attribute(by,access_value,attribute)

	is_element_enabled(by,access_value)

	is_element_displayed(by,access_value)

	
Javascript Handling API
-----------------------

	handle_alert(decision) # decision => "accept"/"dismiss"

	get_alert_text

	
Progress API's
--------------

	wait(time_in_sec)

	wait_for_element_to_display(by,access_value,duration)

	wait_for_element_to_enable(by,access_value,duration)


Screenshot API
--------------
	take_screenshots
